Add 367 release notes (#10377)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/release/release-367.md

# Release 367 (XX Dec 2021)

## General

* Improve retryable query performance by adding support for dynamic filtering. ({issue}`10274`)
* Fix failure in `min_by` and `max_by` aggregation execution. ({issue}`10347`)
* Fix planning failure when selecting all fields from a row type. ({issue}`10321`)
* Fix potential hang when processing broadcast joins. ({issue}`10344`)
* Fix failure when row or array in `VALUES` cause contains nulls. ({issue}`10141`)

## Security

* Hide inaccessible columns from `SELECT *` statement when  
  the `hide-inaccessible-columns` configuration property is set to true. ({issue}`9991`)
* Disable `SET AUTHORIZATION` when `VIEW` runs as `DEFINER`. ({issue}`10351`)

## Web UI

* Fix logout from Web UI when Oauth2 authentication is used. ({issue}`10299`)

## Hive connector

> * Introduce metadata cache flush procedure. ({issue}`10251`)

Reviewer: How about:
```markdown
Add procedure `system.flush_metadata_cache()` to flush metadata caches.
```

> # Release 367 (XX Dec 2021)

Reviewer 2: remainder

## General

> * Improve retryable query performance by adding support for dynamic filtering. ({issue}`10274`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improve performance when query retries are enabled by adding support for dynamic filtering. ({issue}`10274`)
```

* Improve `CREATE VIEW` error message when table or materialized view already exists. ({issue}`10186`)
* Fix failure in `min_by` and `max_by` aggregation execution. ({issue}`10347`)

> * Fix planning failure when selecting all fields from a row type. ({issue}`10321`)

Reviewer 2: IIUC the issue correctly it was not only regarding `ROW(..).*` but also if subscript on row was used in query directly `ROW(...)[1]`.

Then maybe such phrasing would be more accurate:
```
Fix failure of specific queries which accessed fields of `row` column using index based subscript operator (`ROW(...)[n]`) or selecting all row fields (`ROW(..).*`)
```

Author: Yes, it is. I was trying to describe the general area that might be affected without making it too convoluted. I'll update with a variant based on your wording.

> * Fix potential hang when processing broadcast joins. ({issue}`10344`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Fix bug when specific queries which use broadcast joins could hang and never complete. ({issue}`10344`)
```

> * Fix failure when row or array in `VALUES` cause contains nulls. ({issue}`10141`)

Reviewer 2: This does not read correctly.
@martint you have context. Can you fix phrasing.

Author: Yes, the word "cause" shouldn't be there.

Author: It should be "clause"

## Security

* Hide inaccessible columns from `SELECT *` statement when  
  the `hide-inaccessible-columns` configuration property is set to true. ({issue}`9991`)
* Disable `SET AUTHORIZATION` when `VIEW` runs as `DEFINER`. ({issue}`10351`)

## Web UI

> * Fix logout from Web UI when Oauth2 authentication is used. ({issue}`10299`)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* Improve UX by introducing a new landing page for logout flow when Oauth2 authentication is used. ({issue}`10299`)
```

# Release 367 (22 Dec 2021)

## General

* Capture lineage details for columns from `WITH` clauses and subqueries. ({issue}`10272`)
* Improve `CREATE VIEW` error message when table or materialized view already exists. ({issue}`10186`)

> * Disallow query retries when connectors cannot perform them safely ({issue}`10064`)

Reviewer 3: nit: `.`
